arcesium


1st interview:

1. what is an interface and abstraction
2. what is static block and java is pass by value or pass by reference
3. what is synchronized objects in java
4. what do you know about microservices
5. design a service where I would be able to get a number of counts in the lasst 300 second on a url
	where each click comes with a timestamp
6. algo : mth node from the last node of a linked list
7. algo : left view of the BST
8. what is a HASHTABLE and how does it work

9. have you worked on a db. What is an index

10. There is a grocery store which has an array of an object that containes {893489368,'name'} a mobile number and a name 
	of the customer. It is a very old program where if a customer comes to the store , then to retrieve that customer's info
	(if the customer is already present in the records) the program searched the info in linear search manner. Since it is a very old shop there are many numbers in the array of objects hence an average time goes to 4-5 seconds. Improve this search time 
	with the leaast amount of modification. 

	I said use Trie. - changing the whole data struction - very expensive
	so any change in data structure is out of the question.

	I said use sort()  to sort the objects in terms of numbers and do binary search - implementing a new algo of sort is expensive -
	expensivebut less than previous one.

	I said use insertion sort instead of previous sort - previous answer is similar

	He gave a hint of why dont we think in terms of people who come frequently to the store and those who dont that regularly. I suggested maintaining a cache or a buffer or a queue LRU kind of a thing for the customers visited in the last week or something. So that whenever a regular customer comes a linear search will be searched in the queue if a match is there then the search time goes low and if there is a miss then fetch it from the original array of objects. Overall avg time will be less.

11. what is immutable classes in java





2nd Interview:

1. what is map?(in terms of C++)
2. how do we implement it?
3. There was a question on submition and retrival of some values.
	given:    date      value1    value2
			20092012      a         d
			20092012      b         e
			21092012      c         f

Discussion of retriaval and best way to arrange them in terms of optimization





3rd Interview:

1. databases knowledge??
2. Implement codeshare or google docs with simultaneous writes from many users.
   ->how will you design it ad how will you store the users , documents and others things
   ->what apis will you expose
   ->how the permission will be handled by all the users.
   Questions she asked:
   a. How the owenrship will be decided
   b. How will I make it synchronied
   c. How to ensure that no body has to wait for other user to leave the document and then have access to it.
   